TIME TAKEN TO COMPLETE THE PROJECT -> 5 TO 6 HOURS

To solve the assignment i have django rest_framework and REST API.


Approach i followed to solve the assignment :-
 1. First i loaded all the data from csv file to the database with the help of small python script.
 2. Three api is made for acheiving the assignment goal, one api is for getting all the bank names,2nd api is for getting all the branches of a 
    specific bank and the 3rd one is for getting the details of a specific branch of a bank.

3. All api are designed that way that you can only make get request on all the api's.


(a) :- 1st api
    "http://127.0.0.1:8000/allbank"
    This api is used to get all the bank name which is available in the csv file. With the help of groupby and orderby i have put all the branches of 
    same bank under same bank name, and by accessing the bank names it simply returns all the bank names in response.

(b) :- 2nd api
    "http://127.0.0.1:8000/bankbranch/?bank_name=XYZ"
    This api is used to fetch all the branches of a specific bank, for this you have to provide bank name in the url in place of XYZ.
    To achive this, With the help of groupby and orderby i have put all the branches of same bank under same bank name and then from the user input it is
    checking whether the entered bank is available or not if available then simply return that bank page, i have used pagination to split every bank in
    different page. So if bank is available then it simply returning that page.

(c) :- 3rd api
    "http://127.0.0.1:8000/getbranch/?bank_name=XYZ&branch=ABC"
    This api is used to get the specific branch details. so for this you have to provide bank name and branch to get full details of that branch
    To make this api i am fetching the input given by the user and with the help of django orm filter,checking whether any matching entry for input 
    is available or not if available then returning the data in response.
    write bank name in place of XYZ and branch name in place of ABC and then you will get detail of that specific branch of that bank.

To check all the api you can use postman.




